now the leaders of the people dwelt at
Jerusalem the rest of the people cast
lots to bring one out of ten to dwell in
Jerusalem the holy city and nine tenths
were to dwell in other cities and the
people blessed all the men who willingly
offered himself to dwell at Jerusalem
these are the heads of the province who
dwelt in Jerusalem but in the cities of
Judah everyone dwelt in his own
possession in their cities
his relights priests Levites Nathan
immed and descendants of Solomon
servants also in Jerusalem dwelt some of
the children of Judah and of the
children of Benjamin the children of
Judah aphaia the son of Isaiah the son
of Zechariah the son of a Moriah the son
of Shep Athiya the son of mahalo of the
children of Pires and may Asiya the son
of Baruch the son of kal Jose the son of
Hosea the son of adaiah
the son of joy Arab the son of Zechariah
the son of Shiloh no all the sons of
Pires who dwelt at Jerusalem for 468
valiant men and these are the sons of
Benjamin salut the son of Michelin the
son of Joh Ed's the son of peteus the
son of Kolya the son of may Asiya the
son of bithia the son of Josiah and
after him Gabbay I and Saleh I 928
Joelle the son of Zechariah was their
overseer and judah the son of sanur was
second over the city of the priests
judea the son of joy Aaron and Jacob
Sariah the son of Hilkiah the son of
michelin's the son of Zadok the son of
Moorea the son of a heightened was the
leader of the house of God
their brethren who did the work of the
house were 822 and adaiah
the son of Jerome the son of Pella laia
the son of Em's I the son of Zechariah
the son of pasher the son of melchi John
and his brethren heads of the fathers
houses were 242 and am a shy the son of
a zero the son of Oz I the son of
Mozilla math the son of omoro and their
brethren mighty men of valor were 128
their overseer was zabdiel the son of
one of the great men also of the Levites
shamaya the son of hashim the son of
Azraq am the son of hash abaya the son
of bun i shabath i and Jezebel of the
heads of the Levites had the oversight
of the business outside of the house of
God mattaniah the son of Micah the son
of zaptie the son of Asaph the leader
who began the Thanksgiving with prayer
back boo kya the second among his
brethren and AB de the son of Shem UWE
the son of Gail ow the son of Jay Dusen
all the Levites in the holy city were
284 moreover the gatekeepers Akkad
Talman and their brethren who kept the
gates were 172 and the rest of Israel of
the priests and Levites were in all the
cities of Judah everyone in his
inheritance but the Nephilim dwelt in FL
and Ziya and Gish baa were over the
Nephilim also the overseer of the
Levites at Jerusalem was as I the son of
Bay 9 the son of hash abaya
the son of mattaniah the son of mica of
the sons of a south the singers in
charge of the service of the house of
God
for it was the king's command concerning
them that a certain portion should be
for the singers a quota day by day at
the hiya the son of machete bell of the
children of Zera the son of Judah was
the Kings deputy in all matters
concerning the people and as for the
villages with their fields some of the
children of Judah dwelt in Kiryat Arba
and its villages died bond in its
villages jacob ZL and its villages in
Jeshua more later
Beth pilot Heiser shul and Beersheba and
its villages in Ziklag and mokona and
its villages in in rimmon Zora Darmouth
zone OA a dull um and their villages in
lakish and its fields in a Zika and its
villages they dwelled from Beersheba to
the Valley of Hinnom also the children
of Benjamin from giba dwelt in mcNeish
Haeju and bethel and their villages in
anetha knob and Aniyah in Heiser Rhema
and guitar in hated the zoo Boehm in a
ballot in laud oh no and the valley of
craftsmen some of the Judean divisions
of Levites were in Benjamin
you
[Music]